---
title: Blog 2 Yr 8
layout: post
author: rorie.williams
permalink: /blog-2-yr-8/
source-id: 1mw8ppPQ44b49zQfHrDYul4zZy6XO__ohFf1U2JksVbc
published: true
---
                                  
Starting Point: To follow the booklet.

Target for this lesson? To get through section two.

Did I reach my target? Yes, me and my partner got through section two.

Lesson Review

How did I learn? What strategies were effective?  

I think I learnt really well. My partner and I worked very well together. On person typed and the other read out the instructions from the booklet. Then we swapped. It was good because we got to try other jobs. I saw in other groups one person typed for the whole thing. We put most of the code on our memory sticks so we didn't lose our hard work.

What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?

Something that limited my learning was getting distracted by other groups. People in other groups would turn to me and say "Look at this cool code", which distracted me. I would prefer if they just got on and didn't bother us so we could get on and do the work. In my last blog, I said I needed to add capital letters, and this week I still was a bit annoyed at myself because I forgot to add capital letters in places.

What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?

Next time I will try and do more tasks in the time because I am still working a little bit slow so I should try and improve for next week by working faster and typing faster. Alos, for next time, I want to communicate with my partner better because at the moment we are just reading the code it would be better if I was watching that I told him of his mistakes and generally if I helped him out more. 

