---
title: Blog 7 Yr 8
layout: post
author: rorie.williams
permalink: /blog-7-yr-8/
source-id: 1LJyLPCsuvGH6hrfqJK8ee7rzQFCfIQQpQNi0iZm3RJQ
published: true
---

Starting Point: Blog posts and coding.

Target for this lesson: Do the robot arm.

Did I reach my target? Yes we did the robot arm.

Lesson Review

How did I learn? What strategies were effective?  

For my blog, I learnt in two ways. First, I asked members of my class to help me. They showed me how to improve and we compared our code to help. Also I looked at Mr Keen's repo and compared with that. For the robot arm code, I learnt by reading from the book and reading the tips.

What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?

Something that limited my learning was getting distracted. I was told off for losing concentration e.g looking at other people's code or talking to people from other groups. It limited my learning because it meant I wasn’t learning as much as I could of. A habit that I need to work on is adding capital letters and spaces in key places because it means we get less code done in the time provided which is bad because it means we have to try do more next lesson.

What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?

Next time I will try not to get distracted as it means I get less work done, which means it will take longer to get onto the robot arm which is the really fun part! Also getting distracted can get me detentions which will make me lose break and lunch times. I will improve my learning by remembering to add spaces and capital letters to save time. Sometimes we are on a task that we could of finished because we forgot capitals and spaces.

