---
title: Blog 6 Yr 8
layout: post
author: rorie.williams
permalink: /blog-6-yr-8/
source-id: 14q6tR2DgeIRAnw7Mw4mOVVM0tbHiwiTKFZMGs_UZStk
published: true
---
**                                  ****Blog 6 Yr 8****                      ****Date 14/11/16**

Starting Point: Blog posts.

Target for this lesson: To sort out blog page.

Did I reach my target? Yes I sorted out my blog page.

Lesson Review

How did I learn? What strategies were effective?  

I learnt by looking at other people's blog pages and taking inspiration from them. Then, I would use what I saw from other people's blog page and put into mine. Mr. Keens blog post inspired me, so I used that as my inspiration. He had a nice background, and everything was laid out neatly. I also learnt by trial and error. I just tried out code to fix my blog with logical guesses and this helped me.

What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?

Something that limited my learning was getting annoyed at myself. If my code wasn't working then I would get annoyed and give up. This then caused me to get distracted and stop learning. This shows me that I need to stay focused to get work done. A habit which I need to work on is saving my work. A lot of times I will forget to save and I will lose a lot of code.

What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?

Next time I will try to persevere more and believe in myself. As I said I was getting annoyed at myself which caused me to get distracted. To improve my learning I will try to stay on task and get through the task even if it is a tough one. Also, I will remember to save my work frequently, so as not to lose any work/waste time.

