---
title: Blog 9 Yr 8
layout: post
author: rorie.williams
permalink: /blog-9-yr-8/
source-id: 17lskRPiHlCvaKIYRGk91-lwKEoYDYyxsf_39c5EFPc4
published: true
---
**                                  ****Blog 9 Yr 8****                      ****Date 05/12/16**

Starting Point: Robot arm and computer components 

Target for this lesson: Do interesting stuff with the robot arm and do the computer components task.

Did I reach my target? Yes we did cool stuff with the robot arm and did the computer components task.

Lesson Review

How did I learn? What strategies were effective?  

For the computer components I learnt by reading from the booklet and looking at where all the components go e.g 6,7. It was very hard but I got through it. For the robot arm I learnt by trial and error and just getting used to what the keys do.

What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?

Something that limited my learning was having too much fun with the robot arm and not doing useful stuff with it and not recording. A habit that I need to work on is staying focused. It was in my last blog and I am still not always 100% focused. Staying focused could help me do better work.

What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?

Next time I will try to do more productive work than. This week for a lot of the time I was just playing around with the robot arm so next time I need to record I actually have proof I did the work. To improve my learning I will try to stay focused at all times so I can become better at IT and improve my work.

