---
title: Blog 4 Yr 8
layout: post
author: rorie.williams
permalink: /blog-4-yr-8/
source-id: 13HaiOS-IlQrgFnL6ZvJqeTtQ7oCIwVvvcaxQJFhX2K4
published: true
---
**                                  ****Blog 4 Yr 8****                        ****Date 17/10/16**

Starting Point: To follow the booklet.

Target for this lesson: To complete pg 48-49 as it is a long code.

Did I reach my target? Yes, me and my partner did those pages.

Lesson Review

How did I learn? What strategies were effective?  

Me and my partner worked very well together. One would read the booklet to the writer who is the person typing the code on the Fuze box. It worked very well because it got the work done very quickly. Also, it meant that no mistakes were made because it was a very good way to work.

What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?

Something that limited my learning was getting distracted. A few times I would look at other people or stop reading the code to my partner. This limited my learning because it meant I got much less work done. Another thing that limited my learning was not adding spaces. On the code we did today you had to have spaces at the start of each line and I kept forgetting.

What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?

Next time, to improve my learning I will try and remember about important things in the code e.g having spaces at the start of lines or having capital letters in places. To change for next time I will try and talk less to my partner about other things because it means we get a lot less work done.

