---
title: Blog 1 Yr 8
layout: post
author: rorie.williams
permalink: /blog-1-yr-8/
source-id: 15hYd4k8d5CE0rlkoBaNojxlzriCq9KK7238C3cb82Iw
published: true
---
**                             ****What we did today****                      ****Date 19/09/16**

Starting Point: To follow the booklet.

Target for this lesson: Understanding the basics.

Did I reach my target? Yes I did, I now understand the basics.

Lesson Review

How did I learn? What strategies were effective?  

My partner and I worked very well together. We took it in turns to type in the code whilst the other person told the typer what to type. We read the page together and then we cracked on with doing the code. This was effective because got to try other jobs than just one person typing, one telling them what to do or just one person doing the work. We put everything on our memory sticks so next lesson we could look back at our work to help us if we needed it.

What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?

I need to work on remembering to add capital letters at the start of the commands. It said in the book that they are vital for the code. Also, I need to remember to add the spaces or the code won't work. I forgot to add a space once so the code said 6Apples with no space. This then made me and my partner have to redo it. This was annoying. This made me learn that making mistakes was costly. 

What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?

I will try to work faster because sometimes we spend too long on one activity which means we don't get enough of what should be done in the lesson so we have to do more homework. To improve my learning I will work better with my partner so we get more done in the time provided.  Also to improve my learning I will look back at my work from the lesson so I can review my work and try and improve it on the next lesson. Next time I will focus on understanding the task, because so far today I just did it I didn't read thoroughly through the writing so I got the work done but I didn't fully understand it. If I understood it it would make the work so much easier to do and I would do it so much quicker.

