---
title: Blog 3 Yr 8
layout: post
author: rorie.williams
permalink: /blog-3-yr-8/
source-id: 12_44yKC00yeSjfloTQSKTnORpH4cLIvyZ0YxwPkk8eI
published: true
---

Starting Point: To follow the booklet.

Target for this lesson? To complete some of the harder codes.

Did I reach my target? Yes, me and my partner did a lot of hard codes.

Lesson Review

How did I learn? What strategies were effective?  

I learnt by reading the booklet, understanding it, and then typing it out on the fuze box code page. I would type for one set of code whilst my partner read it out, and then, once I had finished that I would hand the keyboard to my partner and he would type and I would give the instructions. I would save our work onto my memory stick so that I didn't lose and I could refer to it later on.  

What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?

Something that limited my learning was going off task a few times. Sometimes when my partner was typing, I would get a bit distracted by something else and I wouldn't concentrate, so, next time I need to stay on task. In my blog a week ago, I said I needed to add capital letters, and this week I did much better on doing that. This was really helpful because it got the code done a lot quicker.

What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?

Next time, to improve my learning I will try and stay on task. Sometimes, when my partner is typing, I won't really be doing anything so I end up being distracted. So, next time I will always try to stay on task so I can get the work done so much quicker. Also, next time, I will try to type faster. I type a bit slow, and if I were to speed up I would get more done. 

