---
title: Blog 11 Yr 8
layout: post
author: rorie.williams
permalink: /blog-11-yr-8/
source-id: 18zL0DU1z-aQE2lmHxTbYokS7kZffPjGpnM8z6LBPpx4
published: true
---
**                                  ****Blog 11 Yr 8****                      ****Date/16/1/17**

Lesson Review

How did I learn? What strategies were effective?  

The way I learnt was simple. Mr Keen showed us a new website called codecademy. He showed us the website and a section called python. So, I learnt by reading the instructions that I was given by the website and followed them to complete the tasks. I also learnt by receiving help from others. But, they did not just give me the answer, they pointed me in the right direction. Because I had seen Mr Keen do an example I knew what I was doing.

What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?

Something that limited my learning was that it was my first time using this website, so I had to get used to it. Another thing that limited my learning was getting distracted. Because I sat next to someone who I am good friends with it made me talk a bit. Another thing that limited my learning was thinking too much. I need to just put the simple answer because it is probably the right one.

What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?

Next time I will try not to talk to my partner unless it is to help them. This will mean I can do more tasks, which will help me understand coding more. Also, to improve I could use more of my common sense e.g put spaces in obvious places, capital letters and apostrophes. Also I could try harder, because coding is not my strongest point. 

