---
title: Blog 10 Yr 8
layout: post
author: rorie.williams
permalink: /blog-10-yr-8/
source-id: 18RqsAmdZ8QvO9DQWZPGSS5tGWfudLj0EHpF47chTU70
published: true
---

Lesson Review

How did I learn? What strategies were effective?  

Today we learnt how to learn. To learn we are supposed to support each other and never give up. We were told that if we tried hard enough and enough times we would eventually reach our target. It could also be helped by other pupils helping us, giving us support and never laughing at us for getting things wrong. This was shown in a video where a pupil tries to do a gymnastic vault. He fails multiple times and the teacher sends him to do it again. All the other children are supporting him. The child begins to cry as he realises he cannot do it. The rest of the pupils huddle around home and persevere him. On his next attempt he vaults it. This shows that never giving up combined with support of others will make you achieve.

What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?

The main thing we learnt about that limited our learning was giving up. We were told that the most common thing people do when they get something wrong is to give up. But we were told that if we tried enough times, with hard work and the support of other people we would eventually reach the task set. Giving up means you will never achieve, never improve and never learn.

What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?

My target is not to give up so easily. I always find myself getting down on my first failed attempt. This means I will never achieve anything. So, in all my next lessons, I will try not to ask anyone for help, experiment, and never ever give up. My second target is to help others. If someone is really stuck, or answers a question wrong, it is best to support them, instead of laugh at them. So, I will help as many people as I can.

