---
title: Blog 6 Yr 9
layout: post
author: rorie.williams
permalink: /blog-6-yr-9/
source-id: 1bL5Qhf16iPZrFzCHmuRWx6TVrdjEBiaZ3rMMuQ-FZAc
published: true
---
**Blog 6 Yr 9****                     ****Date22/1/17**

Starting Point: To understand run length encoding

Target for this lesson: Completing the run length encoding exercise.

Did I reach my target? Yes, I completed the exercise.

Lesson Review

What did you learn in the lesson?

Before the lesson I did not know anything about run length encoding. After the lesson I feel I can confidently explain run length encoding. Run length encoding is the compression of photo files that works out how big the file needs to be. The more patterns in the photo the smaller the file is. If there is no pattern then the file will be bigger. If there is less colours then the file will be smaller, but if there are a load of colours with no pattern it will be a large file.

 

What did you make/do? 

In the lesson the exercise we did was relatively simple. We went into google sheets, opened a new document and followed the teachers instructions. Firstly, we edited the square size of the boxes in sheets, and made them squares. This would make it easier to draw our drawing. After this, we made a 10 by 15 rectangle. We then added a border so the sides were easy to see. We then used the fill tool on sheets to create a simple drawing. For my design I did a simple smiley face. The important bit was the next bit. Because I only used 2 colours I created a key. Y for yellow and B for black. Then, on each line you would write in order the amount of colour. On mine the first line was 10 boxes of yellow so I would write 10y. On the second line it was 2y 2b 2y 2b 2y. This means it was two boxes of yellow, two boxes of black, two boxes of yellow, two boxes of black and then two boxes of yellow. I then did this for each line. Once we had it for every line we would create a new sheet and copy the run length encoding part in. Our partner would then have to make our picture from the run length encoding.

