---
title: Blog 7 Yr 9
layout: post
author: rorie.williams
permalink: /blog-7-yr-9/
source-id: 1JiB0zmMcv2RCSZode4EMb0_pPympvH3ZRTE-5myo-rk
published: true
---
**Blog 7 Yr 9****                     ****Date2/2/17**

Starting Point: To start the code for our quiz.

Target for this lesson: To make a start to the code.

Did I reach my target? Yes, I started my code.

Lesson Review

 

What did you make/do? 

In the lesson what I did was start my coding. I did this by first of all, watching what the teacher did, and remembering certain techniques and functions. This helped me later when I needed those skills. After we had watched the teacher start off the code, he helped us by taking a screenshot of the code and uploading it on Classroom for us to look at. Whilst we were starting our code we could look back at his to help us. We didn't copy it though because that would not help us, this was because our quizzes were different, so we just used it to help us. Eventually I did get a good start on it, and next lesson I hope to progress further and start making it begin to look like a proper quiz.

What will I change for next time?

One thing that limited my learning was giving up. I was stuck on a line of code, I wouldn't try to fix it or change it, I would just give up or ask for help. In most cases I ended up not proceeding after giving up, which made me make slower progress than usual.

What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?

What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?

What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?

